c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\obj\Debug\AGL.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Tests.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Tests.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\obj\Debug\AGL.Tests.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\obj\Debug\AGL.Tests.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Data.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Data.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Business.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\AGL.Business.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\rehmanmac\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGL\AGL.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
